Now it happened when Sen Ballot, Tobaya,
Gisham the Arab, and the rest of our
enemies heard that I had rebuilt the
wall and that there were no breaks left
in it. Though at that time I had not
hung the doors in the gates that Sbalot
and Gisham sent to me, "Come, let us
meet together among the villages in the
plain of Ono. But they thought to do me
harm. So I sent messengers to them,
saying, I am doing a great work, so that
I cannot come down. Why should the work
cease while I leave it and go down to
you? But they sent me this message four
times. And I answered them in the same
manner. Then Sbalot sent his servant to
me as before, the fifth time, with an
open letter in his hand.
In it was written,
it is reported among the nations and
Gisham says that you and the Jews plan
to rebel. Therefore, according to these
rumors, you are rebuilding the wall that
you may be their king. And you have also
appointed prophets to proclaim
concerning you at Jerusalem, saying,
There is a king in Judah. Now these
matters will be reported to the king. So
come therefore and let us consult
together.
Then I sent to him, saying, "No such
things as you say are being done, but
you invent them in your own heart.
For they all were trying to make us
afraid, saying, Their hands will be
weakened in the work, and it will not be
done."
Now therefore, oh God, strengthen my
hands.
Afterward, I came to the house of
Sheimea, the son of Delea, the son of
Mahave, who was a secret informer.
Let us meet together in the house of God
within the temple, and let us close the
doors of the temple, for they are coming
to kill you. Indeed, at night they will
come to kill you."
And I said, "Should such a man as I
flee?
And who is there such as I who would go
into the temple to save his life? I will
not go in."
Then I perceived that God had not sent
him at all, but that he pronounced this
prophecy against me because Tobaya and
San Ballot had hired him. For this
reason he was hired, that I should be
afraid and act that way and sin so that
they might have cause for an evil report
that they might reproach me.
My God, remember Tobaya and Sand Balot
according to these their works and the
prophetist Noadiah and the rest of the
prophets who would have made me afraid.
So the wall was finished on the 25th day
of il in 52 days. And it happened when
all our enemies heard of it and all the
nations around us saw these things that
they were very disheartened in their own
eyes for they perceived that this work
was done by our God.
Also in those days the nobles of Judah
sent many letters to Tobaya. And the
letters of Tobaya came to them. For many
in Judah were pledged to him because he
was the son-in-law of Shechaniah, the
son of Aon, and his son Jihaan had
married the daughter of Mishulum,
the son of Barakayiah. Also they
reported his good deeds before me and
reported my words to him. Tobaya sent
letters to frighten me.
[Music]